#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
babel==2.14.0
    # via sphinx
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
code-annotations==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
coverage[toml]==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-waffle
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   openedx-events
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
doc8==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
edx-django-utils==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-sphinx-theme==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
fastavro==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   sphinx
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   sphinx
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
newrelic==9.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nh3==0.2.17
    # via readme-renderer
openedx-events==9.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   sphinx
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2024.1
    # via babel
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
readme-renderer==43.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   sphinx
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via doc8
six==1.16.0
    # via edx-sphinx-theme
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   doc8
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   doc8
    #   pytest
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   edx-opaque-keys
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
zipp==3.18.1
    # via importlib-metadata
