#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
celery==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
coverage[toml]==7.6.10
    # via pytest-cov
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-waffle
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   openedx-events
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-django-utils==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   openedx-events
fastavro==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via code-annotations
kombu==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
newrelic==10.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
openedx-events==9.17.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
packaging==24.2
    # via pytest
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pymongo==4.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via code-annotations
requests==2.32.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   kombu
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
